Expand documentation on contributing new resources (#514)
GoogleCloudPlatform/terraform-validator: docs/contributing/add_new_resource.md

- example_product_resource.json
  - The results of running [`terraform-validator convert example_product_resource.tfplan.json`](./index.md#convert-command)

It's easiest to set up a [test project](../tutorial.md) to create the initial versions of these files. The idea is to use the terraform-validator binary to invoke a convert operation, and replace the strings specific to your test project in the generated files. The followings are typical steps that you can take:

> 1. Compile terraform-validator binary.

Reviewer: maybe mention `make build` explicitly?

Add your template test files, eg. `example_product_resource.tf`, `example_product_resource.tfplan.tfplan.json`, `example_product_resource.json` to folder [`magic-modules/mmv1/third_party/validator/tests/data`](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/tree/master/mmv1/third_party/validator/tests/data).

Run the following from the root of the `magic-modules` repository again, it should auto-generate an entry with the name of your files (i.e. `example_product_resource`) to the lists of test cases in [test/cli_test.go](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/terraform-validator/blob/c1295c541897e1357eb3e4d93a88d7083ff41c90/test/cli_test.go#L52) and [test/read_test.go](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/terraform-validator/blob/c1295c541897e1357eb3e4d93a88d7083ff41c90/test/read_test.go#L24), along with your test files copied to terraform-validator repository.

```
make validator OUTPUT_PATH="/path/to/your/terraform-validator"
```

Now [run your tests](./index.md#testing) and make sure they pass locally before proceeding. (But you can also go ahead and open PRs if you're running into issues you can't figure out how to resolve.)

### 3. Make PRs

> Now that you have your code working locally, open PRs for [Magic Modules](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have your code working locally, open a PR for [Magic Modules](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules).
```
